# Required features:

1. Allow for choice between modeler and predictor. Modeler will take in preprocessed input and build model as output. Predictor will take in individual data and output its subtyping or the possibilities that s/he belongs to each subtypes respectively. 

2. We also need a python file named preprocessor to preprocess all the raw data once and for all, including methods like normalization, excluding unwanted subgroup of points, etc. Preprocessor should have all kinds of functions to preprocess different kinds of data. 

3. Accept list-type input data: adjacency list. MAF format. First column is sample ID and second column is Mutation.

4. We need a feature selector to remove uninformative features.

5. Main access point provides argument type --model to specify to choose modeler or predictor.

6. Accept list-type input data: adjacency list.

7. Functional module convert between adjacency list and adjacency matrix.

8. Input data for modeler can be high-dimensional, including SNP, CNV, Indel, imaging extracted data.

9. Main access point provides argument type --files to specify path to input data, for both modelBuilder and Predictor.

10. Main access point provides argument type --output to specify path to output data, default as current working directory, for both modelBuilder and Predictor.

11. Main access point provides argument type --filterList to specify the variables (must be the predictors names) separate by comma to consider for modeling, e.g. TP53,ALX,AKT,Block.

12. Main access point provides argument type --filterFile to specify the path to file containing variables (must be the predictors names) separate by new line to consider for modeling.

13. Main access point provides optional argument type for tuning parameters (to be filled).

14. Predictor is able to take in both one individual and a list of individual data as input.

15. Predictor ouput format "%S\t%S\n" (sampleName, Subtype).

16. Main access point provides argument --modelFile to specify the path to model generated by modelBuilder.

17. Modeler has methods to provide us the insight why patients are grouped like that.

 
# Optional:

1. Graph Plot for visualization.

2. Utility: PCA for dimension reduction.

3. 
